Update available-parameters.md (#7543)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-security/reporting/search/detection-search/available-parameters.md

- x_originating_ip
- Reason(s) for Detection

## Search terms

> In addition to the message parameters above, there are additional detection search strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the message parameters above, you can use these additional detection search strings:
```

- phish_submission
- phish_submission_response
- user_submission
- team_submission
- auto-retraction
- browser_isolation_rewrite

> For disposition specific submission searches refer to the Service Addresses page in the Portal https://horizon.area1security.com/support/service-addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For disposition-specific submission searches, refer to [Service Addresses](https://horizon.area1security.com/support/service-addresses) in the Area 1 dashboard. 
```
